# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.9                hd590300_0    conda-forge
brotli                    1.0.9                h166bdaf_9    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.0.9                h166bdaf_9    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.0.9           py311ha362b79_9    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7f98852_4    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2023.7.22            hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            hbbf8b49_1016    conda-forge
certifi                   2023.7.22          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.1.7           unix_pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
coloredlogs               15.0.1             pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
colormath                 3.0.0                      py_2    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.1.0           py311h9547e67_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.5.0                hcb278e6_1    conda-forge
fastqc                    0.12.1               hdfd78af_0    bioconda
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.2               h14ed4e7_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.42.0          py311h459d7ec_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               hca18f0e_1    conda-forge
future                    0.18.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gettext                   0.21.1               h27087fc_0    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                h0b41bf4_3    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h58526e2_1001    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  7.3.0                hdb3a94d_0    conda-forge
humanfriendly             10.0            py311h38be061_4    conda-forge
icu                       72.1                 hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        6.8.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.4           py311h4dd048b_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.2               h659d440_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.15                 haa2dc70_1    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 h41732ed_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           17_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h166bdaf_9    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h166bdaf_9    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h166bdaf_9    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           17_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                h4637d8d_4    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.18                 h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.5.0                hcb278e6_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 13.1.0               he5830b7_0    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            13.1.0               h69a702a_0    conda-forge
libgfortran5              13.1.0               h15d22d2_0    conda-forge
libglib                   2.76.4               hebfc3b9_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   13.1.0               he5830b7_0    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             2.1.5.1              h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           17_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.0                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.23          pthreads_h80387f5_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.39               h753d276_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.42.0               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              13.1.0               hfd8a6a1_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.5.1                h8b53f26_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.3.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.15                 h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               hd590300_5    conda-forge
lzstring                  1.0.4                   py_1001    conda-forge
markdown                  3.4.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markdown-it-py            3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.3           py311h459d7ec_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.7.2           py311h54ef318_0    conda-forge
mdurl                     0.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
multiqc                   1.15               pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.4                  hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
networkx                  3.1                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.25.2          py311h64a7726_0    conda-forge
openjdk                   20.0.0               h8e330f5_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.0                hfec8fc6_2    conda-forge
openssl                   3.1.2                hd590300_0    conda-forge
packaging                 23.1               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.40                hc3806b6_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          4_hd590300_perl5    conda-forge
pillow                    10.0.0          py311h0b84326_0    conda-forge
pip                       23.2.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.40.0               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
pygments                  2.16.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
python                    3.11.4          hab00c5b_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.11                    3_cp311    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0             py311hd4cff14_5    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
requests                  2.31.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rich                      13.5.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rich-click                1.6.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
setuptools                68.1.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
simplejson                3.19.1          py311h2582759_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
spectra                   0.0.11                     py_1    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               h27826a3_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.7.1              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2023c                h71feb2d_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.0.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.41.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-fixesproto           5.0               h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-inputproto           2.3.2             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.1.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.4                h7391055_0    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.6                h8ee46fc_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h0b41bf4_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            5.0.3             h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.7.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.11               hd590300_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.3.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxtst              1.2.3             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-recordproto          1.14.2            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h0b41bf4_1003    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
zipp                      3.16.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               hd590300_5    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                hfc55251_7    conda-forge# conda-qc-environment.md
